1. Microservices - Software is composed of small independent services that communicate over well defined
   APIs. These services owned by small, self-contained teams.
2. Benefits of Microservices:
            Offers high scalability
            Higher reliability
            More flexible
            Maintainable and Testable
            Systematic data organization
3. We have created several services like book, customer and order in which we make use of axios for
   Interservice communication between the services following the Microservices Architecture
4. API Gateway - Entry point for an microservices application
5. API Management Services that has information about endpoints. It is also capable of performing 
   Authentication, Rate limiting, load balancing and many more
   Ex: Let list all the microservices that we might need to render for an iphone 14 plus yellow product
   consider:
        1. Search Product,
        2. Inventory,
        3. Shipping,
        4. Rating and Reviews,
        5. Recommendation Engine,
        6. Merchants,
        7. Finance and Insurance
    Q. Is it a good approach to use microservices for above scenario?
    A. Not recommended as we must make  here 7 different call, which would impact
        Performance,
        Resource Consumption,
        Load time etc.,
    Solution is to make use of API Gateway

    Any client wants to access the microservices, then client must call the API gateway, API gateway in
    turn makes a call to all the microservices and gets whatever response we might need. This process is
    called as API Composition.
    Benefits of API Gateway
        Security - microservices can be accessed using private ID address only
        Authentication, Authorization and Fault Tolerance
        Load balancing and Routing
        Insulation
        Reverse proxy and Caching

    API Gateways:
    1. Kong Gateway
    2. Apache APISIX
    3. Tyk
    4. Ocelot
    5. Goku API Gateway
    6. Express Gateway
    7. Gloo
    8. KrakenD
    9. Fusio
    10. WSO2
    11. Apigee
    12. Cloud Endpoints - Google Cloud
    13. Amazon API Gateway
    14. Azure etc.,
6. Install express-gateway with the cmd 'npm i -g express-gateway'
7. In the application '02Demo_Microservices_with_API_Gateway', I have copied all the folders from
   '01Demo_Microservices' and created express gateway using the cmd 'eg gateway create' and provided the
   name 'api-gateway' and chose 'Basic (default pipeline with proxy)' as the type of express gateway
8. Then we will have 'api-gateway' folder in the project in which we have modified 'gateway.config.yml'
   file inside the 'config' folder and run the cmd 'npm start' from the folder 'api-gateway'